[Music]
[Applause]
someone there all right introducing axel
the latest in military protection
featuring facial recognition on board
web insistence and owner pairing
capabilities it's paired now the cake is
some control of the entire project
wanna play all right let's go
I want to show you something hello
listen talk to it yeah stay Jukka boy
do you so everything I said but it
somebody spent a lot of money on them
they gotta village and flora I don't
think it's owner deserves to get them
back
I need to know what it's doing it's
evolving way beyond expectation that's
my dog I want him back
launch the drugs
come on do you need our help
what you should do is turn it in it's
not finders keepers you got to stay down
alright
it's a robot an intelligent robot he
feels things
sending you the new location move in for
retrieval
so me
[Music]
order this together